- Did you like cut the cord?
- What cord?
- Like when the baby's born, you cut the cord.
- Sorry, yeah, I forgot baby.
I'm holding my headphone cord,
and I was like, cut the cord, what?
Sorry, I forgot we were talking about babies.
(upbeat music)
- So I remember those protein bars I was telling you about?
- Yes.
- They're really like messed up.
I mean, so I think they're like a natural, but I love them.
So I ordered a box and they left it on my front,
like in my front yard.
It was awesome.
So I opened it and every single bar was like totally melted.
Like I could trade up liquid on the inside.
And I was like, oh, I guess I can't eat these,
but just for the hell of it, I threw it in the fridge.
- I was like, let me see.
- Yeah, and the next day I pulled out of the fridge
and I opened one and it's like completely intact.
(laughing)
It's like, I can't do it so rich.
- That's amazing.
- It highlights how like messed up this product is.
- Does it look different, or does it look like
it would have looked--
- It's like a little bit messed up
where it's like kind of cracked.
And like a little bit, and like some are worse than others.
But the first one I tried, I was like,
this basically looks normal again, but the day before,
it was like a bag of like--
- Completely melted, yeah.
- Yeah.
- Oh man.
(laughing)
I'm so ready for the heat to leave.
Like next week is supposed to be,
here in the Ozarks, it's supposed to be like 70s.
And I'm very excited.
Just the last couple mornings, it's been like 65
when I walk in the morning instead of like 75.
I'm very excited.
- I guess you have the issue of it.
Was it, is it humid?
- Like what is your, what is it like extra hot there?
- It's humid.
- Yeah, it's been like heated visories.
It's like the combination of the humidity and the heat.
- We have heated visor, too.
- Yeah.
This is really gross.
The Ozarks just gets all the worse weather.
Like we have like a, I think Springfield, Missouri
was the number one most diverse climate in the United States.
The temperatures vary so much,
whereas like LA is on the bottom of that list
where it's like always the same.
- Yeah.
- Missouri is like one week, 95 degrees
and 100% relative humidity the next week.
Like this happens in the fall
where it's like we bounce between the summer
and winter for like a month and a half
where it's like one week, it's blazing hot.
The next week it'll be like 55.
It's just the, it's the battle of like the Canadian air
and the Gulf Air.
They're just like constantly competing
and they do that battle here in the Ozarks.
- So I don't get it like, why is it humid?
Where's the water coming from?
- I guess the Gulf, like when the Gulf Air wins,
we get the hot humid South air.
- That's crazy, it comes from that far away.
- Yeah.
- It's like several states away.
- Yeah, it's like the I-44 corridor
which cuts Missouri in half.
- Yeah.
- Is basically the line where all the storms come in.
Like all the fronts meet right here,
at least for now until, I don't know,
I don't know, in like three years maybe
that'll push more north as it's getting warmer.
(laughing)
But right now in historically my whole life,
it's like all the storms happen along that 45 degree angle
in Missouri.
So it's like the warm air and the cold air from Canada,
they just, they meet right there.
- Is there anything good about living in Missouri?
What's like the best aspect of living in Missouri?
- No, yeah, I'm sorry.
I can't think of any at the moment.
(laughing)
- Like the whole state.
- Well, historically people have liked the cost of living.
Like you can buy like 800 acres in Missouri
and it's like, I don't know, a small townhouse in LA.
- Two and a half dollars in a can of quarters.
(laughing)
- Something like that, right?
- Can of quarters.
(laughing)
It's funny.
Yeah, no, it's very,
land has historically been very cheap.
So that was, I think that was the main draw.
Like there are a lot of people, it seems weird.
Maybe it's 'cause there's so many people in California,
but how many people you meet that are new to the area
in the Ozarks and they came to California?
- It's happening that way too, yes.
- Yeah, it's always people coming from California.
(laughing)
So I only like, whenever I'm out in my neighborhood,
and I talk to anyone, literally anyone, from New York.
Really? - Every single one of them.
- Every single one of them.
- I just live in New York basically, yeah.
It's embarrassing 'cause I'm also one of them.
- Yeah.
- Obviously, I see myself as different.
I'm sure everyone sees themselves as like,
well, I'm technically, you know, different somehow.
- Yeah, but it's the best place I've ever meet.
(laughing)
- Yeah, exactly.
What am I most from here technically?
So, you know, that's my whole thing.
- You got to have something to hang on to.
- Oh, yeah, it's just all people from New York.
And, 'cause I know that if I was not from New York
and I lived here, I would definitely just be like,
bitching about it all the time,
or like, making fun of them,
or like, I would see them in a certain way,
and I hate that. - Yeah.
- That's me.
(laughing)
- There's so many cliches I fit into that I hate that it's me.
But so everyone around you from California?
- Yeah, a lot of people that are new.
I mean, like, those arcs is this,
it's mostly people who've lived here their whole life.
And just have no plans to leave.
But then there's like, at our school,
it's like, there's a new family.
Oh, where are they from, California?
That's just a very common thing.
It's like people come from the West Coast.
- They're just here randomly.
Like no, prior-- - No, I mean,
a lot of them were seeking something else in life.
And they thought they were like here brand new.
- Like that? - Yeah.
- That's pretty crazy.
So I'm wondering, is this good for you?
'Cause you're, are there more people like you moving in?
Like, is there more stuff catered?
'Cause I feel like you're more like someone
that would be from California than someone that would be
from Missouri, given that you are vegan.
- That's true.
- Vegan, by the way.
So I will say, like, I don't know,
every time we visit, like, we go out to LA,
we've been out there quite a bit.
They're like early in my career,
we had reasons about there.
And like, we just always enjoyed being in LA.
'Cause I mean, we're vegan.
There's lots of vegan food.
The weather is crazy.
- Yeah, if you're not vegan,
like, I think lunch in LA is like my most absolute favorite.
It's like that category of like,
nothing crazy, just like a casual lunch spot.
Everything is just so good.
I think a trip is the raw ingredients
are just better out there.
- Yeah, Casey and I talk about how like,
in the Ozarks, it's like every restaurant is just so bad.
And it's because there's no competition.
Like in LA, it's like, you gotta be good to like survive.
- Yeah. - And out here,
we just have so little, like there's like one
vegan restaurant's actually just shut down
here in the Ozarks, well, not in the entire Ozarks.
- You didn't go there enough, Adam.
You should have went there more.
- Yeah, that's the thing.
Like, we went there one weekend.
We hadn't been there in like six months.
And then the next weekend they shut down.
And we're like, well, there goes that, I guess.
But like, the amount of like, they opened a date
is this whole deal where they're supposed to open a date.
We got there at like 8.15.
And like, they opened the door for us
and they were just getting there.
And then like, they hadn't started making the breakfast stuff.
So like, we had to wait an hour.
It's just like, and the whole thing for me is like,
there's no other vegan restaurant.
They literally have zero competition.
And this is what happens when you have no competition.
You scroll in at 8.15 and like people have to wait.
- Yeah, that's a, it's a fine dynamic
because I've had this realization the other day
where I think I am now old enough
that I've gained enough experience in certain things.
And that sounds like a very positive thing.
But I think it's manifesting in a weird way.
'Cause I've noticed now whenever I go to a restaurant,
I'm like, this was good, but like, it wasn't great, you know?
Like, yeah, I have a steak.
I'm like, oh, this is pretty good.
But it wasn't like the best.
So in the past, like when I was dumber about this stuff,
every experience was amazing.
But now I've had so many.
- Like this is amazing.
- Yeah, exactly like a kid.
Yeah, this is the best thing I've ever had.
I don't remember anything before this thing.
But especially, I mean, the steak one is specifically funny
'cause I've made so many myself
and I've been to like so many good steak houses now
that I like can't, I still enjoy it.
But something is, it's like I'm cursed with the knowledge,
you know?
- Yeah.
- A nicer way or like a less nice way to say this
is that I'm just being pretentious,
but I'm not being pretentious out loud.
It's like internally, I'm like, ugh.
There's this really interesting thing like lifestyle creep.
It's like, it's related to this.
It's like as you get older, your tastes are more refined.
It's just, and it's very hard to like,
I've been thinking about this stuff.
I've been thinking about like retirement,
like what is retirement?
Like how much should you have saved for retirement?
All these things that like, I don't know,
I'm getting ready to turn 40.
I'm like, I just had my 39th birthday.
So I'm on my last year of my 30s
and all these like morbid thoughts of my mortality
or creeping into my brain.
But it's kind of like in the same vein of like,
you get older and suddenly like,
you just won't settle for stuff that you would have settled.
Is that why people get paid more every year
as they get older?
Like, I have these like weird hang ups with this stuff.
Like I've always been so upset about how,
oh, if you live in San Francisco,
you get paid more because it's more expensive there.
Well, that's your choice.
I don't want to live in San Francisco.
And if you want to live there,
then you're just gonna have worse lifestyle.
Cause you, I don't know.
I've always been hung up on like,
people getting paid differently because they're older
or because they're living in a certain place.
But now I'm kind of starting to understand it, I guess,
is what I'm saying.
That was a big rambly thing.
- Well, I mean, people get paid more when they're older
cause ideally you're like better at your job.
I know it's not always true.
It's often not true, you know,
like in my previous job I was doing a lot of interviews.
It was a, I talked about it before.
I think the issue that I saw with getting older
and getting paid more was after like 10 to 15 years
of experience adding another 15 years of experience on top.
Unless you're like being really smart about it,
like doesn't add up to anything.
So you're already senior enough by like,
you know, 15 years of experience.
The 25 years of experience doesn't like do anything.
- You've kind of like peaked at 15 years
is what you're saying?
- Like you're in your prime.
I mean, at least in a certain vein of software engineering,
like it can only absorb so many years.
Like I can't, you can't become better at certain things
unless you start to branch out.
And a lot of people don't branch out.
So yeah, and that in this case,
I'm like, you should get paid more.
But the cost of living thing and people bring this up.
I know that's how it's phrased,
but that's not really why companies are paying more.
They're paying more 'cause they have to.
They're never gonna pay more than--
- Yeah.
- No, right.
It's competing.
- Yeah, like, I mean, the cities are so efficient, right?
There's so many companies there.
There's so many pooled resources.
There's so many people there.
I mean, we're talking about this other day
where I'm like, wow, any career that services other people,
in a city, your customer base is just gigantic
and you become rich automatically.
So I think all the numbers just get higher.
Like if you're a plumber and there's 100 people
in your town versus a million people in your city,
sure there's more competition,
but like, you know, that kind of adds up non-linearly.
So that's why cities, people in cities make more money.
And you know, you can choose to live there too, Adam.
- It's true, I could.
I don't want to.
I'm not an anti-city, like I--
- It's so funny 'cause you're--
- Both you and Casey from what I know about you guys,
like all the amenities of a city are literally catered
for people like you.
- I know.
- And I find it funny that you guys don't live in a city.
Like, I feel like it is interesting.
- Where I live, you would actually take more advantage
of the stuff that's available than I do.
- Yeah, there's stuff we wish we had in life
that we don't because of where we live.
I just, I guess I can't imagine,
I guess what your situation, you live in Miami,
but it doesn't feel like you live in a city, like--
- No, yeah, it's not gonna live in New York anymore.
- Yeah, I just can't, it blows my mind,
I can't fathom living in like Manhattan.
Like when we go to New York for something,
if you're walking down the street
and you see people pushing like a stroller,
it just blows my mind to think like,
- Yeah, it's crazy.
- People live here and they raise their family
in these nasty-ass streets.
I just can't imagine, but I get it.
Like, it's not as bad as I probably make it out to be,
but I mean, it's one of those things
that you just get used to anything.
But I will say, when me and Liz went back
this last time and she was pregnant,
we were looking around being like,
all the stuff that we're very used to,
we were like, oh, it'd actually be really weird
to have a stroller in this situation.
And we're like, it's just like,
we could like really visualize it,
now that we're about to have a kid.
And yeah, I don't know how people do it.
That's how we have friends that do it.
And yeah, everyone just gets used to anything.
- I would just be so like on edge.
- And that's what it was, it was an on edge thing.
'Cause I'm used to doing that for myself in New York.
And to be fair, like 99.9% of the time in New York City,
there's nothing crazy going on.
You're surrounded by like 100 normal people.
So even if there's like one crazy person around,
like there's 100 people that are gonna help you.
But every once in a while, you turn a corner
and you end up on a block that's empty
and there's one person.
And I do that thing where you like are walking faster than them
and eventually you'll go buy them.
And there's a community of, you know, feel it.
And then I saw that happening.
So we were in a situation like that,
but there was a parent with like a small kid.
And I was like, man, I do not want to be in a situation.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, that's like way more vulnerable.
- Okay, so this is an interesting conversation that came.
I mean, it's interesting we're having this conversation
just right after something in my life.
We go, so mama jeans, you know, mama jeans.
It's like the name of the grocery store here.
Yeah. (laughs)
They have like a brunch on Sundays at one of their locations
and we go sometimes and it's the mama jeans.
There's three mama jeans.
There's two of them in great locations.
One in a not so great location,
which it's right across the street from Bass Pro Shops.
Some people know of Springfield because of Bass Pro Shops.
It's the original Bass Pro anyway.
Right across from Bass Pro,
there is a mama jeans where they have brunch.
And it's the rough part of Springfield.
It's like the not great part.
And actually Springfield, kind of a shithole.
Like number, it's like a,
- I was going on the mission at the other day.
And I don't know if I don't know if Springfield
or if it was like the specific town you live in.
And the first picture that came up, I was like,
it was like of a shitty intersection.
I'm like, is that, how is that the first picture
that comes up?
Like a shitty intersection was like
with like some rundown building.
So I'm like, why is that the photo?
- Yeah.
- Well, Springfield's like really bad on the crime index.
Like it's whatever the worst crime index you can have.
Springfield has it.
It's like terrible like against children crimes
and like violent crime.
It's like not good stuff.
It's like bad stuff.
So Springfield is like, has a reputation,
especially North Springfield is just rough.
Like you don't, there's just something getting shot every day.
It's on the news.
It's just adorable.
Anyway, this is like the rough part of Springfield.
And there's a lot of homeless people
that live on this little like sidewalk next to this mama jeans.
And you don't realize until like,
I mean, until you have kids that they don't know
what a homeless person, like what does that mean?
homeless person?
Like we live in a nice neighborhood and like,
there's no homeless people in suburbs in the Ozarks.
Like that's not a thing.
But this area of Springfield is kind of where they congregate.
If I say something insensitive or something, I don't know.
It's just like a thing you can't talk about.
- No, it's fine.
- I just never know what, I don't know.
I had to like explain to my 10 year old,
like there was a, there was something that happened.
What was it?
Like just the getting into the car,
not wanting to leave him outside or something.
It was just like, oh no,
it was the bathrooms that this mama jeans have a code on them.
You can't just like get into the bathroom.
You have to like get a code to get in.
And he's like, why do I have a code on them?
Like, that's probably cause there's a lot of homeless people
here and they don't want them just like wandering
into the bathroom.
He's like, why not?
And I'm like, how do you explain this?
Yeah, it's okay.
- Why not?
And I was like, well, yeah, there's layers to it.
It's like, well, cause I just don't want homeless people
coming into the store, I guess.
And like, why not?
This is like a hundred wise.
And I just have to dig down deeper.
It's like, I guess cause we're just afraid of homeless people.
And like, yeah, I'm afraid of homeless people.
I don't know.
Are you afraid of homeless people in your island?
Is that normal or am I like--
- No, no, it's definitely normal.
I think the thing with, it's like there's two kinds.
Most of them are fine, but then some of them are like mentally ill
and like they're chaotic or like potentially violent.
Like we've had some weird situations.
Someone like can't, this was really stupid.
This was walking Zuko, who was a big scary doorman.
And a homeless guy like walked up really close to them.
And like, Zuko was like in guard mode.
And then he like freaked out.
And I'm like, ah, get the dog away from me.
But I'm like, why did you walk up to--
- Why did you get close to?
- Yeah.
And now he's like freaked out by this.
Like he's like always giving us like dirty looks whenever
we see them.
But yeah, some of them are really unpredictable.
- Well, when we were in New York,
like the terminal crew, when we were in New York,
there's someone like on that block
that was stabbed by a homeless person
or like multiple people.
- Oh, yeah, that was great, that was really random.
That was really random.
Some guy was gonna run inside and people, yeah.
Yeah, just one of those things where you think about like,
think about actually ending up homeless.
It's a pretty extreme case because if everything went
to shit in my life, a complete shit,
there's like so many layers of people
that would be able to help me.
- Like support you.
- Yeah, like stay at their house or whatever.
And I would say most people have that.
And some people are unfortunate where they don't have it.
So it's a pretty extreme situation
where they're either so mentally ill
that nobody that they know like wants anything to do with them.
So then the people that end up there are like often
in that type of situation.
So yeah, I get why people are scared of them.
Plus being in New York, like 9% of them totally fine.
Every once in a while, there's a guy flinging around
like a wood stick, like, homeless people.
So yeah, okay, you just never know.
- Yeah, that's interesting.
I like, I don't wanna be overly protective
or overly like, I don't know.
Just trying to explain to your kid
is it's just like, you have to start questioning,
why do I have all the things that I have in my brain
about this?
Did my mom like get me overly scared
about homeless people?
And I'm like, I mean, I have literally see,
I've had personal living in New York.
I've had so many personal experiences.
So it's like, I haven't had their limb.
So it's interesting.
- I mean, like saying it's true.
So anyway, just moving on.
- Well, that's funny, bring this up.
- I totally forgot it's happening.
So I went to the gym this morning and I was driving.
And I looked to my left and every single street
has a cop car blocking it.
And I realized I'm hearing a helicopter.
There's a cops everywhere, basically.
I was like, what is going on?
When I went to the gym and I forgot about it
and Liz texted me that there's current,
she was like, there's a fast and furious situation
going on in her neighborhood right now.
And I was like, what?
She's like, somebody stole a car.
And, but then like, couldn't get away.
And now it's like hiding somewhere.
Like, you know that like downtown area
where I live, these are hiding somewhere.
So everyone's like locking their doors
and hiding inside in case they're like,
geez, hiding their house.
But it's just funny to me because there's no proof
that you live in a nice neighborhood.
But the best proof, I think, is a police response.
'Cause this is one vehicle theft.
And there's like a million dollars of deployment
going on right now.
(laughing)
Like there's, there's a little fly helicopter
around this area.
- That's amazing.
- There's a cop car everywhere.
Oh, you could not feel safer.
(laughing)
It's just like they always materialize it in nowhere.
- Yeah.
- And I always wonder how this works.
Like, is it that this area has like,
'cause we all pay taxes to Miami City.
And then they like pull that,
but then do they basically like redirect a lot more money
into like our police department?
And is that why we get more or is it like just,
is it totally just like,
everyone knows it's a nice neighborhood.
So whenever something happens,
the chief is like, definitely sent a lot of people there.
- That's what I'm getting at.
- It's like, it's a nice neighborhood.
Do they get more police resources?
That seems like, how do they make that decision?
And like, I don't know.
- Yeah, it's like, it's confusing.
But it's always a case.
Like anywhere you live, that's nice,
especially in this city.
Any little thing happens.
Infinite police show up.
Like they just materialize.
Like they come up out of the ground.
It's wild how they show up so quickly.
- Well, it's also just interesting.
I'm not lived in a city.
Like you paid city taxes.
It's to the city of Miami.
There's not like individual.
- No, property taxes, those are property taxes.
I don't pay any city taxes.
There's no city taxes in Miami.
- Oh, well, that's, yeah, that's Florida, I guess.
But like normally, you live in a very specific
little neighborhood in the broader city of Miami.
They don't collect taxes individually.
These little like neighborhoods?
- No, so you pay your property tax to your state, I think.
- Oh.
- I guess this is different everywhere.
- I'm pretty sure it's, yeah.
'Cause I'm pretty sure New Jersey,
like I'm thinking about New Jersey.
- Actually, no, maybe it's to your--
- We pay a property tax to our city or our county.
- Maybe it's a county, maybe it's something like that.
And in our case, the county is the city.
Yeah, and I guess they redirect.
They like pull it and they figure out
how to allocate resources.
I'm sure it's not like one to one.
I'm sure like they are like trying to make it
a little more fair and like using some of the resources
from like the nicer neighborhoods in other places.
But it's not that extreme because like, yeah.
- Clearly we got like a crazy one to where anything happens.
- Have you ever done software stuff with like,
have you ever written software for like mapping stuff
where you're doing like census tracks and blocks?
And like there's so many different arbitrary names
for like different circles.
It's like bigger or smaller circles
or just like how many people are in it.
There's, it like seems that when you really think about it,
like what is it county?
Like a county is just like a tiny state.
It's all made up.
- Yeah. I mean, it's really confusing for us
because there's Miami, which is the city,
then there's Miami-Dade, which is the county,
which includes Miami, the city.
But like it also includes more than just Miami,
the technical city.
But there's like a mayor of Miami, the city
who's like really visible.
But he's just kind of like a puppet mayor.
There's like a real mayor of like Miami-Dade.
It's very confusing.
- It's very convenient. - The Miami mayor,
the city mayor, he's like this tan guy
that's like totally onto Sauceron, like looks jacked.
And he's just like never doing anything besides just like
be like Miami, it's awesome.
- Yeah, we're cutting ribbons.
- Yeah, exactly.
And the other person is just like doing the,
okay, we got to balance the budget and, you know.
- Yeah, actual work.
- I think it's a great setup.
I think every place you have two mayors.
One is like the mascot for the city.
You can go to the ones like running the city.
I think it's a good setup.
- I want to talk about just your observation the other day
on the phone about like Twitter cycles
and the AI cycle that we're in.
'Cause I, you missed one too.
You pointed out like right now we're in this very AI
centric circle.
And it's like you don't hear anything on Twitter
unless it's about AI.
And then before that it was, what was the one before that?
- I said front and frameworks.
Front and frameworks, there was also like the serverless era.
- I was thinking, I was trying to figure,
I was like trying to decouple the front and serverless stuff.
I can't, I don't remember exactly.
'Cause yeah, there was a time where everybody was just arguing
about serverless sucks or like serverless is great.
Like that was like every other conversation.
I do remember that.
- I think that was before the front and framework era.
And then before that was, well, the joke I made was
it was just Deborah was talking about.
- No, yeah, Deborah.
- There was a Deborah era.
That was kind of in the serverless era.
I feel like that was my early days on Twitter,
like where I'm really sorry,
paying attention to Twitter.
And like when we met even was kind of that period.
- Yeah, there was a lot more cloud infra stuff around then.
Yeah, you know what's funny?
I think this is making me realize like,
you know how there are certain music artists
that were really popular for a couple years and fade away?
And there's others that are just like somehow still doing it.
- That's an element.
- So yeah, making stuff.
And I always would think about that.
I'm like, Dan, it's so hard.
'Cause I point this out with Kanye all the time.
'Cause any, you take any like artists
that got popular for a while.
Shortly after they get popular,
Kanye will do a collab with them.
And there's like a song with the two of them.
I never hear from them again.
You literally never hear from them again.
It's like, I feel like he just like sucks.
- The Kanye curse.
- Yeah, he just like sucks up.
It's like the, what's it called, the space jam.
He's just like just sucking up their time.
- Oh yeah, there's so many examples of this.
But yeah, that's how he stays relevant.
Like he just, yeah, he makes sure that he doesn't,
he's like, you know, in there with everyone.
But he's like, you know, always around.
Obviously he's crazy now, but it's like that.
'Cause I remember there's certain people that I could remember
with these eras where they were like really tied
to whatever the thing that was being talked about.
But then when the thing, when the trend shifted,
it's not like they were generally tied to technology.
They were tied to a specific technology.
And when I tie it shifted, I just stopped seeing them entirely.
And then we shift again and then we knew people
and then we shift again.
But there's other people that like, you know,
get interested in each little thing and kind of,
and then they keep seeing them.
Yeah, yeah.
So on one hand, I was like, it's really hard
to be a musician like that.
But then seeing it from this perspective,
I'm like, I guess if you have a type of person
that's just broadly interested in stuff,
it's kind of natural 'cause you kind of follow the trend as well.
Can we talk about the AI cycle a little bit self-reflectively?
I don't know if that's the word.
Self-aware, Lee.
Should we introspect?
Is that what you're saying?
Yeah, can we like look at it from an angle
that's maybe not the angle people working on
an AI harness would approach it.
But it's feelings I've had,
and I wanna just like say them out loud.
Yeah, do you wonder about the,
like nothing seems to escape the Gartner cycle or whatever.
Like obviously there's an extreme amount of attention
and excitement and hype and VC funding
and whatever in the AI space.
There's no way it's gonna avoid being overhyped.
Doesn't mean it's not still incredibly useful and valuable
somewhere on that curve.
But I do wonder, here's what I wonder.
I'm starting to have these feelings of like,
I miss just programming.
Like just normal programming.
Like where I didn't have any help
and I just had to figure shit out and Google stuff
and stack overflow or whatever.
Like I kind of miss some of that stuff
and I wonder like, is that gonna be a thing
other people are gonna feel in mass?
And that's what the Gartner cycle is gonna look like.
Like is there gonna be this pullback from AI assistants
where I know there's people who've been
kind of like nay savers all along.
I'm not saying like they're right.
I'm just saying like, is there gonna be this like,
longing for the old times?
- I think that I would probably agree that.
Yeah, so I think when people think about hype cycles,
they think about in terms of like,
people hyping something up and setting expectations
and then going back down.
But I think you're right that,
there's also like a usage cycle that happens.
- Yeah.
- Where people try to use it for everything
and they overuse it and they like show it everywhere.
So I think in terms of coding,
I think we're past like the pure hype cycle thing.
I think people hyping stuff up and saying stuff is,
it's gonna be crazy and it's gonna change
every six months like that type of thing.
I think we're past that.
But I think we're in the middle of
the way people are using it.
Because when I look at the way people use open code
or quad code, it's so different to how I use it.
Like I work on this thing and I use it every day.
I use it very slightly.
It's like a really nice addition to everything else I'm doing.
But so many people are like digging into like,
trying to make it do so much.
And I never really got that interested in doing that.
- Yeah, I think that's what is like,
we from our perspective see all the crazy shit
people wanna do.
And I think it's that that's making me disenchanted
with like some of the extreme cases people are,
I mean, it's like everybody knows
that we've talked about the cases of the people running
like 10 parallel instances of a AI thing.
And it's like, I generated 14,000 lines of code today.
And I don't wanna like side with Paul Graham
and his weird tweets about like,
it's like I had a founder tell me he writes 10,000 lines
of code and they're perfect every day.
Like there's just something about all this,
the usage of these tools that smells funny to me.
Like I think people are going too far
and trying to like, I don't know, overthink it.
I think the way you use it is the way I wanna use it
which is refreshing and I get sucked into using it
in some of these other dumb ways.
And I'm like, that's when I start to feel gross
and I just wanna go back to the old ways.
- I mean, it's like this with any technology, right?
You like, I'll give you a really simple example.
I told those before, someone recommended to me
to read the book Art of Postgres SQL.
So I read the book Art of Postgres SQL
and it fucked me up for like a year like the idea.
But it's a good book, it's useful to read
'cause it gives you an engineering perspective.
They basically show you how all this stuff
that you're doing in code,
the database can actually just do for you
and return final result.
So people tend to, the argument was people tend
to do stuff in code 'cause they, it's like familiar to them
but it's more performant and like,
there's a bunch of other reasons why you should like
pass it into the database and have it do everything.
So for a year, even though I was like,
even when I finished the book, I decided like,
oh, this isn't for me, it's still stuck in my head
where anytime I did something in code in the application layer,
I thought I was doing something wrong.
It like over rotated me into trying to do way too much
in the database and there's something wrong with that
and like some people do that and it's fine.
It just wasn't for me.
So I think that's like any technology,
you can't ever like use it the exact right amount.
Like you have to overuse it
and then kind of pull it back.
- And then come back interesting, yeah.
Well, I also, I think it's coupled with feelings.
Like I played around with V zero
because I wanted to, I mean,
it's not like a secret work on a desktop app, right?
Like I wanted to see other tools play with,
I've heard good things about V zero.
So I kind of like got into V zero
and just tried to like vibe code something.
You had talked about doing this and I was just very curious.
I'm pretty out on the current state of vibe coding.
I'm not played with level or bolt or any of these,
but I can't imagine they have more success than V zero.
I feel like V zero seems great at what it does.
But like building something where you don't touch the code.
- It's kind of, I do not understand.
- I don't understand how anyone's getting anything out of that.
- Yeah, same, it makes absolutely zero sense.
I, that thing that I built with V zero was actually awesome
because it's a tiny little utility
that nobody's gonna build or maintain for me
that like figment for the two E thing.
That's perfect.
But like sometimes I would tell it to do something
and it would totally break the whole app.
Like everything would just be broken.
- Same experience.
- Yeah.
Like that means from underneath at all,
if adding one feature can break everything
in such an intense way,
whatever that thing, like the way that's built
is like definitely not, not good.
- Yeah, so like these people trying to build their SaaS business
or whatever, like they're gonna just become
this technical founder because they have this tool.
I am totally out on that.
And it made me feel really good about being a software engineer
in terms of job prospects.
Like it's not going away, not yet.
- Yeah, but for like prototyping or like making
these little utilities, like I'm really excited
that that exists because my reflex has always been,
I did this with this figment for the two E thing.
It's always been post the idea on X,
see if I don't want bytes and like make something.
- Yeah.
- But then now, when I post that,
somebody was like, dude, just vibe code it.
And I was like, that's a really good point.
- That's a good idea.
- And I took you 15 minutes and it's great.
I'm glad this exists.
And this is awesome.
And I think playing with design ideas
or like product or UX ideas is pretty interesting.
But I don't understand anyone talking
about using this for anything else.
It like breaks the whole app breaks so often.
And you just hit undo and you're like,
should I try again?
Or like, should I just go on this feature?
'Cause this feature like, it just gets confused
and breaks the whole app.
I've done that, I did that with a few features in that app.
I like wanted certain stuff and it just kept breaking.
So I just gave up on the feature even existed, you know?
- Yeah, yeah.
There's just so much grift going on.
And I feel like there's so many people trying to like
carve out this like, you can be a one man software company
niche and like, it just feels very fake.
I don't know.
- Yeah, but I do love the use of it for like,
the Figma Tui thing that you built like is a good example.
I think like people have seen make browser extensions
like personal software like, like I want a Mac app
that runs in the toolbar that does something for me.
And I'm not trying to distribute it.
I'm not trying to like, grow it into something.
I think for when there's a very limited like scope,
a very finite endpoint, that makes a ton of sense.
I do love it for that.
There's a lot of good stuff that I feel like
the current state of the models makes life better.
Like doing sys admin stuff on your machine,
like your dot files.
I had it help me with some stuff in my dot files.
It just like, I enjoy customizing my machine
and tweaking with stuff, but I don't enjoy the time sync
and to the extent that the model can make me faster
doing some of those things, love it.
And then the way you use open code, I think I knew,
I need to like, watch you more.
You need to make something.
'Cause I still feel like I get carried away
with my usage of it and I do too much relying on it.
And I know you have this workflow down.
That's kind of like, it's your little junior dev
sitting next to you.
I need to get more into that.
- I was thinking about how to articulate this this morning.
'Cause I saw Prime's, Prime posted a few things
about being frustrated with how much time you waste
on trying to get AI to do something.
And the examples he gave, I saw that when I was like,
surprised, it was surprising to me
'cause in my head, I'm like, Prime dislikes AI more than me,
but he seems to go to it in times
that I wouldn't even think to go to it.
And I'm trying to codify what are these situations?
So there's some situations where I'm just like,
I know exactly what needs to be done, it's just tedious.
AI's always gonna be great for that.
Like I know I can describe it correctly,
I know if the results are right.
There's other times where I know what needs to be done,
but not exactly how to do it.
Or I don't know it from memory.
So normally I would Google it
and try to find something explaining how to do it
or like a library, where I would look at the source
and copy the code and stuff like that.
Then I tell it to do stuff, do that.
Or the third case is this new feature
is identical to an old feature, minus a few things.
It's kind of the same thing as the first case,
but that's another time I use it.
So an example of that is whenever we add a new concept
to our config and open code, it's like,
I write out the shape of the object myself,
'cause I'm like thinking through how it should be.
I guess what the config object is.
But we need to support loading it from the config JSON,
but also from a markdown file.
And also search up all that whole thing.
I just tell it to do that and it does that perfectly.
- Yeah, 'cause it's got that pattern, it can look at it.
So to me, it's almost like,
you take like this idea of snippets,
which has been around forever.
And I never got into that
'cause like all the same snippets is like,
it's thought to be like,
"No, who remembers to do that ever?"
So this is like that on steroids.
- That's so funny, I forgot about,
I remember feeling self-conscious
that I didn't have custom snippets
like in my Visual Studio era.
Like I just remember thinking like,
oh man, people really gotta figure it out.
They're making all their snippets
and saying it's so much time.
They're probably spending just as much time
on authoring snippets as I was coding.
So it nets out.
But that's how I feel about like cursor rules now.
It's like, oh man, people really know how to use AI
and I don't, I just, I'm dumb and I just say.
- That's actually another good point about the,
'cause we're talking about over usage,
this obsession with,
'cause this whole like agents.md standardization,
people are arguing like,
oh, it's too simple, it needs to do more.
And I'm just like,
one, the LM barely pays attention to these rules.
It really, they don't really work that well.
And people spend so much time like authoring these rules
and like trying to create.
So I'm just like, I feel like you guys are over using it.
If it worked better, then yeah,
maybe I invest more time in it,
but it just doesn't care about what you put in there.
- Yeah, there's this real problem of like,
everything is anecdotal and there's no way
to know what works better.
And like everybody thinks they're set up.
I mean, there's people, not everybody.
Some people like me think my setup is terrible.
But a lot of people that are really convinced
their setup is the way.
And there's no way for them to really show
that it's better because it's like so context specific,
like my workflow feels good to me.
That's about as the most you can say.
- Yeah.
- I think the GoSoup Coder stuff is,
it's an interesting tangent on this conversation where like,
even the people deploying these open source models
don't really know if they're doing a good job.
Until somebody came along and was like,
hey, for at least for this use case,
you're doing a pretty shady job.
You should do better.
Like we're gonna make this harness
that like tests real world programming tasks.
And that's like the first feedback
that these people deploying these models
and trying to sell inference on these models.
It's like the first feedback they've gotten.
- Yeah, it's crazy.
It's crazy that they've had these models up for a while.
That's one, that's one thing that's crazy.
Two, it's crazy there's been a bunch of tools
that plug into these models.
And just now, like literally as of today
is the first time it's getting improved.
I'm like, how has no one brought this up before?
It actually just took a week.
Like goes a quarter, posted it.
Was it the beginning of this week?
Or like the end of the last week posted it.
I said, I talked about it and I was like,
we're in the market for provider.
Anyone that can fix this, we want to talk to.
It's been a couple of days and they just fixed it.
It took one week of focus and it's now like, you know.
- Every dev knows like when you don't have a feedback loop,
you're just in the dark and you can't make stuff better.
And they just didn't have a feedback loop.
And now they kind of do.
- It's kind of surprising.
The other thing I want to say about this anecdotal thing is,
I've talked about this before,
but I realized I never connected it to this context.
Whenever you switch your workflow,
doesn't matter what it is, you switch to a new editor.
You get a new monitor, you switch to a new OS.
You feel a crazy productivity boost
just because things are a little more exciting.
Everything feels like you're going faster.
Everything feels like it's better.
And it's all that's happening with all these people being like,
I switched to this new coding tool and like, wow,
like it's great or like, wow, I'm going so fast.
You're like, oh, I added this new thing
where I'm using this new pattern
with these AI coding tools and it works really well.
It's just like people need to understand
there's a crazy bias when you invent a new workflow.
You're just loving it for the novelty.
- Yeah, yeah.
And you're probably like, you're more plugged in.
So you probably are getting more done
'cause you're more excited to that point.
- Yeah, it's a real temporary productivity boost
but any change would give you that.
- Yeah, you could rotate your monitor.
- I change my color scheme sometimes
and I'm just pumped for like two days.
Like this looks awesome.
I am so into this.
- It's actually a good thing.
- That's why I think people should spend more time tweaking
their setup because it's like a free boost
every couple of months or so.
You can manage it.
- Yeah, it just, it gets a little like,
it has a little spice to life.
Like when you've just been looking at the same editor
for a while and then you change things up a little bit.
- Mm.
Yeah.
- Feels good.
- Exactly.
- Keyboard, sometimes I just use a different keyboard.
- That feels nice.
- Yeah.
Like I switched to this Mac Studio now a couple of weeks ago
and I'm like,
- Oh yeah, Mac Studio.
- I'm like, whoa, this is all great.
- I'm about to ask you, how do you like it?
- To be honest, I feel like I'm going slower and I am
because I'm just not as used to.
- Well, so you're running on your desktop.
You're running Mac OS now?
- Yeah, I'm still using Arch for like,
basically everything but my entry point is no.
- Oh, 'cause your server is.
- My server is, yeah.
- Your server is Arch.
- Yeah.
- And you still just SSH into your server to do everything.
- Yeah, so the only thing outside of that is
Discord browser slack.
- Yeah, so your browser now, are you using,
well, I have so many questions.
Are you using a window manager in your Mac
to manage your browser in a terminal session?
- I tried, I tried a few window managers.
There's just like nothing like i3.
Like it's just i3 is so good.
And the second annoying thing is,
I guess Mac OS doesn't have APIs to make the windows
like Chrome-less.
So when I use a window manager, it feels like clunky,
where I'm like, this just doesn't feel like
this is a way Mac should be used.
So now I'm just like, I'm just full-screening
every single app.
- Oh, really?
And you do like the workspace thing?
Like you swipe, no, not Mac OS, full-screening.
I'm just like, like I have the window.
- Oh, mm-hmm.
- And I just have a different hotkey bound
to every one of my standard apps.
So like-
- Oh, okay.
- Meta one, I don't know what the key is.
It's option one brings up my terminal option two
brings up my browser option three brings up Slack option four
brings up this code.
And that's like my like boot, like window manager.
I just built this on like raycast shortcuts.
- Oh, interesting.
- And they're all full-screened, but I'm gonna go deep
into this.
So I currently have an ultra-wide monitor
and it was great on Linux because I could cut it up
into two virtual numbers.
- Yeah, like one of those curved ones?
- It's not curved.
- It's not that crazy.
It's a 5K monitor that is, it's like a 4K monitor
plus another third on the resolution.
Just, it's like the same DPI just extended.
- Okay.
- And on Linux, there were APIs to split a single monitor
into two virtual monitors.
So my OS would see this as two monitors that were plugged in.
- Even though it was one physical monitor.
- Yeah, so I could have like,
I could have independent control of this like left third.
And then independent control of like the main two thirds.
So everything we got main two thirds
and I had like auxiliary stuff on that
and I don't know if it's between them.
- That actually sounds really nice to be honest.
I feel like I need another third of a monitor.
- Yeah, exactly.
- I'm struggling with like, I don't need a whole second monitor,
but like another third would be really nice.
Sorry.
- Yeah, so I used to just put like Slack Discord,
my browser there.
So my terminal would basically always be up
and I would just like flip between those on the secondary
screen.
So that was really nice on Mac OS is not possible to do this
at all, which sucks.
So now I'm not even using that third.
I just like, I literally set all my windows to be
just the main 4K space and I have like kind of something
on there, but it's not usable.
So I now bought a new monitor.
All right, pre-order is not out yet,
but it's for someone finally put out a competitor
to the Mac OS studio display, the big one.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah, it's like basically all the same specs,
a lot of nice details and is 1400 as opposed to 5K.
- Yeah.
- So this is now just a normal, so it's a 6K screen.
So it's not ultra wide, it's like a normal dimension.
- Yeah.
- So when that comes, I'll just switch to that.
I'm just gonna be like a one app at a time,
full screen situation.
- Oh wow, okay.
What was this?
So I never really asked what was the impetus
to switch to the Mac studio?
Like what drew you into that change?
- You were just tired of building your own PCs?
- I wanted to simplify my desk.
It just, there's way too much on my desk.
- That's a big pro of the Mac stuff.
Like the studio just looks nice.
It takes up all the space.
- Yeah, it looks nice.
And then I had so much auxiliary equipment
because of my desktop setup.
Like I had, okay, I had the DSLR camera,
which needed like a dummy battery.
And we needed, it just had like so many wires and stuff.
If I got the Mac, I could use my iPhone.
So now I'm just using my iPhone on the camera.
So that simplified like a whole bunch of stuff on my desk.
I also just wanted to simplify all my media stuff
on my like, my audio stuff as well.
Like my mic got simplified 'cause I'm able to use
an interface that is nicer that works well with Mac.
So yeah, that was a reason.
And I think I basically traveled with my MacBook Air
'cause I've been using my MacBook Air
as agent to Linux and I basically don't miss anything.
All the things I love about Linux,
I still get most of my days spent in Linux.
But like some of the just nice day to day stuff
is better on Mac like, oh, like my text messages
are on my computer now and all those integrations and stuff.
So yeah, I'm pretty happy with the setup.
But yeah, some of these monitor things
made my workflow a little bit worse.
- Yeah.
Have you with the Mac studio, have you run any local models
like LM studio?
- Yeah, I did.
Yeah, so I did the Quen3Coder 30 billion.
Works super well, super fast.
I'm pretty blown away by how literally the moment
like Apple came out with this new architecture,
their M chips, they have this like integrated memory thing.
They came out with that and two years later
this local LM thing showed up as like the perfect use case.
It really is.
- So it's kind of wild the timing of all that.
- Like at a minimum that Quen3Coder 30 billion
feels like I should be using that for certain tasks,
like for agents that are very specifically,
I don't know like the task agent,
like doing gripping and stuff,
just like searching through files,
that being or just being your small model in open code.
I feel like it's good enough to do that stuff.
And then it's just local and fast and free.
- Yeah. - Like, I mean, not that the small model
is really costing you much, I guess,
when you're doing like title generation
or whatever in open code, we're getting into the weeds.
But it does feel like at a minimum running a local model
just to do those kind of stupid tasks.
It's not your big brain model that's like doing more.
- Yeah. - Yeah.
But maybe it's good enough for that, I don't know.
- Yeah, I mean, it's, I'm pretty like overall,
like the max video thing is really cool.
It's like a single box with like a single wire
that comes out of it. So they have like their exact right ports.
It's also fun to me, like this thing is so stripped down,
but they still have an SD card slot.
Like the thing that they would never need.
- Yeah. - Like it's made for like,
you know, creative, so like people get there.
But it's like the one special port they have in it up
but besides that's a bunch of Thunderbolt things.
Yeah, it's $2,000 like I think that's totally reasonable
for something that's good.
Yeah, so I'm pretty happy with it.
I just wait, like I said, I wish window management on Mac,
honestly on anywhere except for Linux,
has like never really been figured out.
- Yeah, I use aerospace and it's funny, like,
there's all kinds of weird quirks.
And it's probably just like you said,
the limits of the Mac APIs or whatever.
Like it actually, when you use the multiple workspace thing
in aerospace, it's actually just shoving all the windows
down to the bottom right corner and like making them tiny.
So you can kind of see them, like you can see the edge
of them and you can actually grab one and pull it.
- It's just like very ghetto version
of what a real window manager does, I guess.
- That is funny.
- Yeah, I guess there's one of the right APIs.
But you know, I was able to get WES term to be
bit chromeless and like edge to edge
and it looks really nice.
- So make the WES term pitch.
I see a lot of people really praising WES term.
I just, I thought ghosty was just like the one
and just we all had been waiting for ghosty
and now it's the best.
But WES term's better.
- No, I mean, ghosty is really good too.
I think for me it was just that ghosty,
I tried to use ghosty and it had a few bugs initially
in their 1.0 around like clicking links
in my specific setup.
It was like some combination of like,
if you remove all the window decoration stuff,
like something messed up with the links, especially on Linux.
- Yeah.
- And I just didn't feel like dealing with that.
So I went back to WES term.
The other thing is, is when I switched to WES term,
I was also doing a bunch of new them config
and they both use Lua, so there was just like a nice synergy
there.
Not that there's like a ton of config.
I don't know.
For me, it's just that it's basically as good as ghosty
and I feel they're equivalent.
I'm sure there's like technicalities
that are different to them,
but I could probably switch to ghosty and not tell.
- I've seen like a little resurgence
or just like a little movement on Twitter around like,
why are you still using Tmux?
Like just ghosty has tabs.
It's like people trying to make that.
- That was the whole point of ghosty, right?
Like, I mean, it is funny, like ghosty puts in all this effort
of like parsing and see and rendering it really fast.
Just for you to run Tmux, which then does all that again.
- I felt the pain as we've worked on these twoies,
I felt the pain of having Tmux between the twoie
and the emulator, because it just like intercepts certain stuff
and breaks certain functionality.
Like a lot of people shift enders not working
'cause they're using Tmux and you have to configure it
to make it.
- Yeah, that's me.
- So, but my problem I guess,
and maybe you know the answer to this right off the bat,
like if I wanted to get away from Tmux,
like I have reasons I would like to actually get away
from Tmux, does ghosty, like I know I can open tabs,
but like does it have this notion of like it's running
outside, like if I close the ghosty window,
am I killing all those processes?
- Yeah, I'm pretty sure you are.
- Yeah, they don't have something equivalent to Tmux.
- Yeah, and for me, like I'm SSH 10,
so like I can't use ghost.
- Oh.
- I have a new space session for each ghosty tab or whatever.
So I have to use Tmux, like that's never gonna change.
And the other thing is like the Tmux model of like
their sessions, sessions have windows
and then windows have panes
and you can like run through between sessions.
I don't think ghosty is set up with that exact structure.
I really like that.
- I do too, yeah, I use each one of those things.
I know you don't like the way I use panes and I zoom
and do stupid stuff, but like I use,
like I navigate through sessions, windows and panes
and Tmux and I don't, yeah, I didn't think
there was an equivalent ghosty, it's just you have tabs.
- Yeah.
- And they're all just kind of laid out full stream.
- Well, I'd like to see, I think I've seen this somewhere.
It was actually, maybe it's an I-term.
It's like, I think it was like really random
what terminal it was.
There was some terminal that integrated with Tmux,
but then like showed the splits natively in the,
I don't remember exactly how it works,
but what I would like is if my terminal somehow
was like aware of my SSH session.
So it just created one SSH session at stage connection.
And if I opened up like native tabs in my terminal,
that should still just use one SSH session
and like stream like different processes over it.
That would be cool if I went that deep,
but yeah, like Tmux is just like a normalizer.
It like normalizes whether I'm SSH'd
and I manage different sessions
or I'm using doing something local,
it's like the same experience.
- Yeah.
- So because of that, I can't give it up.
But yeah, it is weird that I'm like,
there's so many layers of this anti-processing going on.
- Like just dealing with seeing all the GitHub issues
with random environments people have,
I just want things to be simpler.
So it's like, I want to rebel against this layer
of Tmux/zellajay or whatever.
I like I want those things to just not exist anymore
because I work on Tmux, it would just make life easier.
But yeah, as a user of Tmux,
I'm so, my muscle memory is so bound
and to be tough to leave.
- Yeah, but it is funny.
Like I'm pretty sure a lot of reasons
why Mitchell made ghosty was to get rid of the need for Tmux.
But yeah, I don't know.
I think for me practically,
it cannot.
- We haven't talked at all.
Have we talked on the podcast but open to me?
- No, we haven't.
We should talk about that.
- Not really, right?
Man, so exciting.
Like the developer is working on it.
I mean, Sebastian for one shot at Sebastian is incredible.
And then there's like a little team forming,
building out adapters for solid and React.
- Yeah, it's very exciting stuff.
- They're all really good.
Like all of them are very talented.
I think there's now the Sebastian plus three,
I think there is working on this stuff.
And everyone's on different time zones.
So like, there's always something going on this.
'Cause it's like someone's going to bed
and someone's waking up.
So they're just like continuing as a work happening on this.
- Never stopped.
- You can just look at it.
- Some of my favorite channel in our Discord.
- It's like trading Bitcoin, it never sleeps.
Mark has never closed.
- Yeah.
- And yeah, they're so good.
And yeah, Sebastian's so good at like handling
some of these low level things natively.
Like so he's working on Unicode support right now,
which means he's into hell like being like,
"Oh, Arabic characters are like run me weirdly."
But which is awesome.
'Cause once he solves it there,
it's going to be so that translations we do,
like all the people using us in Chinese,
like it's all just going to work nicely.
And that is really important, valuable.
- I was just going to say,
I can't believe I've built like all the time
building these two Tuis with something else.
Because Open Tuis is going to come along
and be such a nicer developer experience.
And it's like, I didn't know this could exist
for building Tuis.
How nice it's going to be.
I mean, I know people have a similar sort of dev touch point
with something like ink.
But like if ink were like super performant
and like way more low level primitives available
to do crazy shit.
Like I mean, people just immediately,
as soon as Open Tuis went up,
like the GitHub repo was on GitHub,
it's like people started building some crazy cool stuff
and just with the low level primitives.
And now he's kind of baking in the layout stuff
and then the react and solid library.
So I'll let you just kind of do the ink thing.
It's just amazing how good Open Tuis is, how fast.
Like how impactful this is going to be in the landscape.
- Yeah, I think one, there's going to be so many Tuis
that now exist just because it's so easy to build one.
And some of these other,
I'm hoping some of these other projects move to it.
I think it's kind of like a no brainer.
The other thing that I've been super excited by is seeing,
'cause so I've always known that Bun had good FFI,
like the foreign function interface.
And I know that Zig is very good across compiling
and all of that.
But seeing it up close with Open Tuis
with how easily Sebastian like moves stuff into Zig
and like makes it accessible,
it's really motivated me to do that more.
That's actually one superpower of us using Bun
is it's like that stuff is really figured out
and it's super useful.
So I was thinking, like, you know, we use rip-grap
in a bunch of places and we spawn a rip-grap process
and like do it in this hacky way.
And this also means we have to download rip-grap
and like, yeah sure, there's so many complexities
that come with trying to do that.
And we did handle them and it works.
But we should just compile rip-grap into our binary
and call it natively.
And we can do that because the Bun's FFI is so easy
to use and so good.
So I'm like looking at all, now I'm like,
oh, I need to look at the whole world of what's available.
It's not just JavaScript libraries that are available.
It's C libraries and C++ libraries, there's Rust libraries.
And that's got me really excited.
Like all the Git stuff we do right now we're spawning Git.
No, I should just compile libgit2 into our binary.
No, that's gonna be awesome.
And the second thing is anything that we do implement
in JavaScript, if it turns out it's a bottleneck,
now we can easily move it lower level as we need to.
- Yeah, very cool.
- Yeah, so we need to figure out some of the CI stuff
to make sure we're cross-compiling everything properly.
Yeah, once that's set up, this is just like
a really awesome stack.
- That stuff hurts my head.
Like every time I'm made aware of the fact
that we have to distribute this to all these
different types of environments.
- Yeah.
- And all that you must be doing in CI,
just like hurts my brain.
Just I'm glad you do that stuff 'cause you.
- Yeah, just, I mean, that's just, again,
this is one of those things where you just develop
a sense of that over years of doing open source stuff.
Going back to like some of the things that are annoying,
people are always telling us like,
oh, you should have built this stuff in Python
or like in some other language,
'cause they'd like some library or whatever that's there.
And I always explain to them, we don't do,
we had to eliminate a whole bunch of options
because it adds an extra step to someone using our product.
Oh, they have to install UV.
And every single person, when I say that,
it's like, oh, that's not a big deal.
Yeah, that's like what's so hard about that.
I'm like, you're right, it's not that hard,
but it's an extra step.
You're trying to build something from like mass adoption,
like you have to be so maniacal about eliminating those.
And almost nobody and like no developers understand that at all.
So they all have, they like look at our setup
and they're just like, oh, that's weird, that's dumb.
And I think we chose it because we didn't know
about alternatives, but like what we,
you remember when we were initially like starting this
from scratch, I was like, hey guys,
I landed on a really weird setup.
I know it seems really weird and crazy,
but I think it makes sense because of these constraints.
And once we talked through them, it was like, yeah,
this is actually the only option that satisfies everything.
So yeah, people always underestimate how much work
other people put into like the decisions they made.
It's not just, oh, I didn't know about it.
I just went with whatever I knew, you know, it's a day.
People kind of assume it's who it is.
- Yeah, it's very easy to be a Twitter person
and just be like, oh, you just like TypeScript?
You just haven't learned any other language, you're dumb.
- Yeah, should I use this?
- Yeah, it's like that one's so funny
because like, why did we do that?
A big reason for me using BUN was,
oh, we can load TypeScript files dynamically.
And that means our plug-insism is going to be better
than everyone else's plug-in system by far.
You know, we could do Lua,
but again, the percentage of people that know Lua
versus no TypeScript, totally different.
So yeah, like every decision is very,
we've agonized over every decision.
Nothing is done like flippantly.
- Yeah, from the outside, it's not always clear.
There's just seems.
- I think people kind of telling themselves,
'cause they're like, oh, usually this
'cause you like this or you know this.
'Cause that's how you make decisions, right?
(laughs)
That's how you see the world
'cause that's how you make decisions.
- Yeah, you should just have done it and go
'cause you just like go and use it for everything.
But yeah, it's coming together really, really nicely.
And I think it's showing up in the fact that
all these really super talented people
are like excited about working on this stuff
and doing like pretty crazy things with it.
- There's like a very medium to short-term date
on the calendar where I will never write go again.
And I cannot tell you.
- I was thinking about this too.
- Yeah. - How exciting.
- That is to me.
And I'm not like trying to shit on go.
I don't care.
Like go is whatever.
But just like the process of building the two E's
that I've built and go, I do not enjoy.
And I am ready to never have those problems again.
I'm so tired of subtracting random numbers
till I get layout to work from like (laughs)
just like there's so many things
that are not baked into the framework we've been using
that it's very frustrating.
And I'm excited to not do anymore is what I'll say.
And just like go has a lot of stuff
when you're just like interacting with an API.
There's just like, you're smart enough to understand.
- So much overhead.
- Yeah, there's just so much like boilerplate
to like send an API request.
It just makes me so sad
'cause I know it doesn't have to be that way.
- Yeah, everything has to be a pointer.
So then everyone has to wrap it in like some other function
that turns it into a point.
It's just, yeah, the API stuff is really bad.
'Cause I think what's interesting about go
is if you look at a self-contained go app,
it's probably fine
'cause like it's following goisms everywhere.
Like, oh, there's no, the concept of zero values
and like, you know, it's weird to make an integer a nil.
Okay, that's fine in like your little self-contained go app.
Like there's no like type unions.
You just have to make interface
with every single subtype
and then they're all nil except for the one that it is.
Like that's all fine.
The moment you need to interface with a real world
outside of a go like an API or something,
all those things exist.
Like there are fields that can be nil.
Like there are type unions.
Like there's all that stuff.
So it just gets painful there.
I had the same feeling about realizing,
I probably won't be writing anymore go,
not 'cause of the two-y stuff,
but doing the bun single file executable stuff.
'Cause that to me is when I went to go.
I was like, okay, this is the only way
I can make something that can run anywhere.
Single binary download run anywhere
is really great for that user experience.
So I am willing to write go to make that happen.
Also like decent performance and all that.
But now we have that with bun.
So all the reasons where I was going to go
is now finally gone.
And all the FFI stuff is much better in bun than a go,
which is great.
Like go has some weird C stuff
when you have like C libraries involved.
It's kind of annoying.
Yeah, so I also probably am never gonna write go.
Pretty crazy.
Would detractors and Twitter people say,
like the downside to these bun single file executals,
it's just the size, like it has to bundle,
it has a shoved bun in there too, that's a run time,
but like has anyone, has anyone, a single person
on the open code repo complained
about the size of the executable?
I've not heard one complaint.
Yeah, so the executables are big.
So I think it's like around 100 megabytes,
like on average across all the different cross platform builds.
But our previous, oh, by the way,
20 megabytes of those is the go binary
that we have in there.
Which we can't get to that point.
Yeah.
The previous pure go one was like 40.
If you take out the go binary, we doubled.
We doubled there.
So it's definitely bigger, but like 40 versus 80 to 100,
like nobody, that's not practically making a difference
for anyone.
Yeah.
Is it just worth the stage of internet bandwidths
and adoption of like high speed in that?
For a tool like this, that's like running
you install one since like running on your local machine
or it gets downloaded during CI.
If it's running GitHub actions, it's getting downloaded
from GitHub.
It's like, yeah, it's like telling it from itself.
So it's pretty fast.
It's all the place where it would show, but it's fine.
I think you could argue like maybe embedded use cases,
like you already considered it about.
Yeah, it probably doesn't doesn't work well there.
And I will say the like codec CLI,
which doesn't do much yet at all.
The one that's written in Rust, it's a lot smaller.
It's like sub one megabyte.
Yeah, it's very small.
So that's, I can see that being a kid.
OK, that's like a total difference, but I get like the draw
to like a lightweight binary.
I know why that's attractive to people.
But it's just funny that no one's complained.
Like I feel like no one has said.
Yeah, it's not an issue.
And I thought going in, I was self-conscious.
Like, oh, it's going to be this giant binary
and people are going to be upset.
Yeah.
Maybe they didn't know.
Maybe now they know and we're going to go all the complaints.
Well, that's the point.
If you didn't know, then it didn't matter.
Then why not?
Yeah, exactly.
It didn't show up.
But anyway, the codecs one is I am like, wow,
it's crazy how small these things can be.
And to be fair, like there's just a thing that calls API.
So like it could be pretty small.
Yeah.
But you know, eventually you're going to have to put--
the codec CLI is not doing much.
If they want implement snapshots,
you're going to have to put get in there.
Yeah, sure.
That's going to inflict the size.
So yeah, this is one of those things where like,
it's good to be memory efficient, space efficient,
et cetera.
But it's bad to not use the resources.
Like memory is there to be used.
You can use memory to make things go faster.
You can use this space to have more functionality
or simplify other things.
So yeah, I think infinitely trying to optimize M to 0.
Does it make sense?
Yeah.
All right.
Anything else you want to talk about today?
No.
It's everything.
It's Friday.
Hey, have a baby.
Why not do I want to?
Every morning I wake up opening, there's a baby,
but there isn't.
I just hope you wake up and she already had it.
I've got to tell you.
I just want to end what's in her sleep.
[LAUGHTER]
It's funny.
I keep telling her, just text me when you're done.
And I've been saying this from the beginning as a joke.
But now she's like, I kind of just want to do something
on my own.
I just want to go off my own and have the baby.
I'm like, I can't even lose saying that.
It's so funny.
I kind of get that.
Because if I have to do this intense, kind of scary thing,
I know some people want a bunch of support around them.
But I just want to handle it in private.
So I kind of get that.
I'm sure.
Did you cut the cord?
What cord?
Like when the baby's born, you cut the cord.
Oh, yeah.
Sorry.
Yeah, I forgot.
Baby, I'm holding my headphone cord.
And I was like, cut the cord.
What?
Sorry, I forgot we were talking about babies.
Yes, I did.
I cut the cord both times, I think.
I have no-- it's not like I don't want to do it.
I just don't have a particular desire to do it.
He's saying.
Yeah.
I didn't do it.
But they asked me.
They're like, do-- and you can't be a dick and be like, no.
I'm rather not.
It just sounds gross.
But Liz really wants to do it.
Like, she really--
Oh, she wants to do it.
So we're just going to let her do it.
Yeah.
Wow.
She's multitasking.
Like, she's busy delivering the baby.
And she's like, oh, it is in a moment.
But yeah, we'll see.
Yeah, it's funny.
There's things like that.
And it's like, I guess some people are like, yes,
I want to do that.
And that is not me.
And I don't know what's missing in my brain.
Yeah, for me, I mean, I'm not against symbolic things.
Like, I'm into symbolic things in a bunch of places.
This one, I just don't pay this internet to me in any way.
It feels like a technicality, symbolic thing.
Symbolic.
Yeah, but we'll see.
Could happen today, could happen tomorrow,
could happen a week from now, could happen two weeks from now.
Two weeks from now, geez.
Because yeah, technically, she's 40 weeks on Sunday.
Yeah.
So I guess I go, it would happen a week.
And they don't.
They wouldn't induce until 41 weeks, 41 weeks.
So my older or my littlest, but he went 42.
He was two weeks late.
And they induced.
I don't think he was ever coming out.
He was just good.
That was me.
I didn't want to come out.
Really?
Just like chilling.
I was chilling.
Got everything I need.
It's warm.
It's cozy.
Yeah.
Being born sucks.
[LAUGHTER]
I think about it.
Think about that transition.
You're just like--
Oh, yeah, no.
You're really cozy.
You're safe.
You don't have to do anything.
You don't have to poop.
You just--
True.
And you're just like, it's in your field position.
It's like you're a Google employee.
[LAUGHTER]
It's just like--
It's amazing.
And I think born is like founding a startup.
Yeah.
I mean, it's like an uncomfortable experience
to come out, I'm sure.
Yeah.
And that's like your head is being smashed and deformed.
And then it's cold.
It's cold.
Yeah, you're keeping cold for the first time?
Yeah.
Huh.
What do you call?
Are you going to learn how to eat?
And you've got to poop on yourself?
Yeah.
It's pretty miserable.
It's so weird.
Is this so weird how we don't remember being a baby?
Is that weird to you when you really think about it?
Yeah, it is crazy.
Why don't we?
Is it because our parents remember?
No, absolutely.
We don't.
It's weird that our parents remember.
But from my point of view, it's like I didn't even exist until--
Yeah.
Like there's some arbitrary moment
where you start having memories and like, why?
I keep joking about this where I'm like, there's
no point interacting with the baby until she's three,
because she's not going to remember this.
I'm like, why take her to the playground?
Why take her to the museum, is that remember?
There are things that I think--
Yes, I know.
It still affects them.
But yeah, it's weird that they won't have the memories.
Yeah, it's like from their point of view,
it's like it literally didn't happen.
Yeah.
So crazy.
Man, biology and just human everything.
Once you have a baby, you realize how wild we just
made this thing.
This is half you and half me.
And it's like a lot.
It's creepy.
It's like sci-fi.
It's so freaking hard.
And people used to do this in the jungle, like what the heck?
Oh my god, yeah.
That's crazy.
Well, and then also half of them died after childbirth, so.
Yeah.
I mean, but the ones that didn't, you know, now you just have--
This baby was affected by the same--
it's not like the babies were different back then.
Like, this is totally helpless.
Yeah, can you imagine the stress--
Maybe the stress.
Yeah, trying to keep a baby alive in the woods.
When you're like--
I guess you're just literally breastfeeding in 24/7.
Is that how it worked?
Did they need more milk then?
It's not that they need more milk.
It's just that there was nothing else for you to do.
Like, you would just sit and focus on the baby.
And you would just--
Interesting.
--feed it constantly.
And I guess whoever's around you, like, would try to feed you.
Like, it's not like they were like, oh, my husband
has to go to work.
Like, I have to go to work, or like, I have to do the laundry.
You know?
This is your only job.
Yeah.
It's like--
I have to feed this baby.
Because it's so difficult.
So I don't know how else they could even pull it off.
No modern technology.
Interesting.
Yeah.
You also don't even know when it's going to come.
You don't know, like, hey, guys, I can't believe we survived.
Our ancestors, people were related to.
I can't-- it's actually wild.
Yeah.
It's actually kind of wild when you think that, like, humanity
made it.
Like, when you think about how hard-- even just like 150
years ago, like, it was hard in, like, a semi-modern world
where they had to, like, farm for their food.
Can you imagine, if we spent all our time
just, like, raising and growing food so that we didn't die
in the winter, like, that's crazy.
And that was like our great-grandparents.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
We've made it through some tough eras, all the--
the eras with all the castles and dragons and chicks
and, like, people stabbing each other with having a shield.
Can you imagine owning a shield?
What in the world?
We survived some crazy stuff.
Yeah, I always think about how, like, war back in the day
was so crazy, because, like, it's just a big wrestling match.
And it's not like you just half your people, like,
you go one-on-one with someone.
Like, it's a 50-50 chance that one person dies.
You do that with the whole army.
It's just like, there's no victory.
Like, one side makes my tightly win,
but you're just-- there's a bunch of people
when you feel like wrestling each other to death more or less.
It's not like there were, like, these cool sword fights
happening.
I'm pretty sure that was, like, the movies.
Yeah, like, Troy, where they're--
Did swords for a little bit, and then it just
starts to match them with their helmets.
Like, it's probably why--
Yeah, oh, man, that's so true.
I'm surprised there's not some movie
that tried to get really realistic with this stuff.
I feel like that's, like, an artistic thing somebody would
have done.
There must be.
There must be something.
Make a way more barbaric.
There probably is.
That was war.
Like, it was just, like, a bit total 50-50 shot.
And then, like, the king would, like, lead the battle charge.
Then, like, you have, like--
Oh, really?
--a chance of--
Did they actually fight back then?
That was a huge thing, yeah.
Like, I mean, that was your job as a king.
Like, you had to--
Wow.
--lead the charge.
We were--
Casey and I were just talking about how much it
sucks that, like, all these fat cats in there, like--
Yeah, bird.
--offices.
--totally changes.
--totally changes at this.
Yeah, like, OK, they're going to fight them.
Send them off.
Like, they're not suffering any of the consequences.
And it's crazy to think that I was thinking about this yesterday.
I'm like, if there was a war today that was really intense
and there was a draft, I would not get drafted.
I'm already too old.
And I've been too old to get drafted for a long time.
Oh, really?
You're too old to get drafted?
I can drop that fear out of my mind,
along with book sand and all the other ways.
[LAUGHTER]
I still thought I could get drafted.
Honestly, I'm almost 40.
I didn't know there was, like, a job.
Like, if you look at wars, they literally just
pick people from the ages of, like, 18 to 22.
And they just throw them into--
Are you serious?
Oh, my god.
Now I got so stressed about my kid getting drafted.
And, like, 10 years--
It's, like, so messed up.
It's, like, a certain--
Like, think about it in terms of high school.
Like, imagine, like, you're a cohort in high school.
Like, people in your class, upper class,
and you remember, the people below you remembered.
And imagine that there's, like, a war that happens.
It's just that cohort of people that just gets fucked.
And, like, they all just go die.
And everyone else is just like--
That sucks.
It's fine.
We look at, like, World War II and stuff, you know.
Like, 18-year-olds are babies.
I mean, 20, 22-year-olds.
They're just babies.
Like, that's crazy.
And that's what we do.
We send babies off to kill each other.
What in the world--
I'm sorry.
I'm just like, I'm not trying to, like,
get into, like, anti-war propaganda or something.
Is that propaganda?
I don't know.
No, I think it's good to be anti-war, yeah.
It's actually kind of insane.
It's crazy that it's how that works.
But it's also what makes sense, like it.
But it's crazy that's what makes sense.
Damn.
You just wish it could all not have to be that way.
Yeah.
Does it have to be that way?
I don't know.
Yeah, it has to be that way.
It has to be that way.
It's like, somehow out of the world, then, it makes sense.
But then, honestly, like, there's a lot of wars
that are just really stupid.
No, yes, a lot of wars are stupid.
It's like, George W. Bush is considered, like,
the worst president ever, because he just basically,
like, made up a war.
And, like, that was the first time we've done it.
But, like, the whole Iraq thing, like, why did we go to Iraq?
I still don't understand.
It's a dumb.
I remember that era.
9/11 happens.
And it's like, we're going to Iraq.
Wait, what?
Why?
Because of those Saudi Arabian terrorists
who are going to Iraq--
Yeah, well, in the world.
Oh, my god.
This guy-- I get why they're just people across the world
that don't like us.
I kind of get it.
Yeah.
But that's-- well, how do we even get on this topic?
I don't know.
How do we land this plane?
Anyway, don't go to war.
Don't go to war.
Don't send your babies to war.
Maybe we got on it because you're having a kid.
And we just started realizing life is precious.
I don't know.
Oh, OK, that's another thing.
It's like, any time you see these movies,
and there's, like, soldiers dying, whatever,
each soldier that dies, like, man,
so I'm not going to be pregnant with them for, like, nine months.
And then, like, raise them for 18 years.
And that's one-- that's one casualty.
Think about these, like, crazy Russian casualties
and, like, all those wars that I lost, like,
one in three people or whatever.
That was so much work for each person, you know?
Yeah.
To feed them, keep them alive, like,
teach them about life and all that.
Oh, my god.
Yeah.
Wow, I never really thought about that.
Like, in these, like, crazy days in history, like,
D-Day or whatever, where there was, like,
where the battle levels, where there's, like,
huge numbers of casualties.
Just, like, the human toll that that is.
Like, yeah, like, so many parents put in so many hours of time
for each person.
It's like, you think about, like, building an airplane.
That's a lot of work.
That's, like, you think about an airplane in, like,
less than a year, you know?
Yeah.
This is 18 years of raising a child.
Yeah, a person is a lot of work.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
And it can't be paralyzed either.
You can't make it go faster.
It's wild.
Ugh, I'm feeling gross now.
I don't like the end of the, did we keep doing this?
The end of our last podcast.
We were like, and then that guy died.
Okay, see ya.
[LAUGHTER]
We got to stay away from like--
This is what you guys get for listening to the end.
You listen to the end and you're going to get the morbid stuff.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, have a good day, Dax.
All right, Dax, see ya.
[MUSIC PLAYING]